README.md, before:

# Batch Mux

This script is used to batch append Chapters, fonts and subtitles into the mkvfiles.\
Follows the animetosho attachments download folder structure.\
(Created for anime use)

```
-------Folder Structure-------

root
|
|--append
|  |--attachments_folder_1
|  |  |--attachments
|  |  |  |--font1.ttf
|  |  |  `--font2.ttf
|  |  |
|  |  |--subtitle1.ass
|  |  |--subtitle2.ass
|  |  |
|  |  `--chapters.xml
|  |
|  |--attachments_folder_2
|  |  |--attachments
|  |  |  |--font1.ttf
|  |  |  `--font2.ttf
|  |  |
|  |  |--subtitle1.ass
|  |  |--subtitle2.ass
|  |  |
|  `  `--chapters.xml
|
|--mkvfiles
|  |--mkv1.mkv
|  `--mkv2.mkv
|
|--output (will be created)
|  |--mkvout1.mkv
|  `--mkvout2.mkv
|
`--Batch_Mux.py
```

The above folder structure is to be followed.

# Dependencies

Download the requirements.txt file and run
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
or just run
```
pip install pymkv
```

> Make sure mkvmerge has been added to PATH or copy mkvmerge.exe to the root (or parent) folder for the script to detect mkvmerge

# Run

To run the script, open the terminal in the root folder and run
```
python Batch_Mux.py
```

# Links

[pymkv docs](https://pymkv.shel.dev/en/stable/)\
[mkvtoolnix](https://mkvtoolnix.download/downloads.html)\
[python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Commit message:

Add option to paste attachments zip download link

README.md, after:

# Batch Mux

This script is used to batch append Chapters, fonts and subtitles into the mkvfiles.\
Follows the animetosho attachments download folder structure.\
(Created for anime use)

```
-------Folder Structure-------

root
|
|--append
|  |--attachments_folder_1
|  |  |--attachments
|  |  |  |--font1.ttf
|  |  |  `--font2.ttf
|  |  |
|  |  |--subtitle1.ass
|  |  |--subtitle2.ass
|  |  |
|  |  `--chapters.xml
|  |
|  |--attachments_folder_2
|  |  |--attachments
|  |  |  |--font1.ttf
|  |  |  `--font2.ttf
|  |  |
|  |  |--subtitle1.ass
|  |  |--subtitle2.ass
|  |  |
|  `  `--chapters.xml
|
|--mkvfiles
|  |--mkv1.mkv
|  `--mkv2.mkv
|
|--output (will be created)
|  |--mkvout1.mkv
|  `--mkvout2.mkv
|
`--Batch_Mux.py
```

The above folder structure is to be followed.

# Dependencies

Download the requirements.txt file and run
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
or just run
```
pip install pymkv
```

## 7zip (Optional)

During the execution of the file, a prompt about the attachments would be asked, if the link is pasted then 7zip is used to extract the attachments folders and place them into the "append" folder.
If the "append" folder is already populated, this installation can be skipped.

7zip can be installed from the links mentioned below
> If installed, make sure 7zip has been added to PATH


> Make sure mkvmerge has been added to PATH or copy mkvmerge.exe to the root (or parent) folder for the script to detect mkvmerge

# Run

To run the script, open the terminal in the root folder and run
```
python Batch_Mux.py
```

# Links

[pymkv docs](https://pymkv.shel.dev/en/stable/)\
[mkvtoolnix](https://mkvtoolnix.download/downloads.html)\
[python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)\
[7zip](https://www.7-zip.org/)
